jamaica betyder found today i would like to go ahead together to you this
new bluetooth keyboard that I purchased from the info gadget shop site mi
the premium keyboard designed specifically for those has arrived in search of the month
devices such as smartphonetab e
who do not have a physical keyboard
as we can from very thin keyboard is built in and silicone and is
extremely portable we can fold it on itself
we can scrap it etas always carry it with us when we need one
physical keyboard but we can't take that with us
the computer on we have. very thin laptop available. law
clean washable arteries let's see how it works first of all we have to
turn it on so sumatr dedicated switch will turn on this blue light
so let's go to our phone
we access bluetooth here too
go in her mother's search devices we press the forage button
for the search the keyboard is identified almost immediately
we wait for the phone
oils
we click on the cpc house wall of the indicated of kandahar through the
keyboard with a secret code
we take it and then the first to live in moso is
connected let's try this keyboard
let's try to open the notepad just to give an example, now I won't be
very comfortable because I have a video camera in front of us we try the same to write
as you can see the keyboard works more than good I would say that there are not
big typing problems were only a missing letter late
the silicone-like keyboard & lt does not return a maximum feedback
levels but still we leave use mobility accommodation
unfortunately the other English so we have to - get used to different
layout of the drawing buttons question mark and then that's how it is here
but and I would say that overall
we can be satisfied with this group we have the keys
for the displacement we have more of the other function keys because we can
going to adjust the brightness of the display we can and start enea
car deduction we can also change it obviously not settings
all will work conai phones but most of them will be able to go
also on our aiphone and by the priests for load had this compatible keyboard
you too have text this computer following however the keyboard can also
be connected to our devices directly via USB if this
cable for macintosh very convenient equipment
must be inserted in this part
in the keyboard
el abortion sb clearly in the device that could be a target for example
overall I was quite satisfied with this keyboard works
more than good and very convenient to use when we are away from home
and we need a wider keyboard than the one that comes to us
provided by our smart fortwo from our tablet
I would say that we have concluded a greeting to all from riccardo of yourlifeupdated